Legal Notice for ARL (The App for Real Life)

Copyright © [Year of First Publication] Volt Applications LLC. All rights reserved.

The source code for "The App for Real Life" (ARL) is made available on GitHub at github.com/SebTheRed/ARL and is copyrighted under the laws of the United States and international copyright treaties. This copyright is owned by Volt Applications LLC.

By accessing the ARL source code ("Software"), you agree to abide by the following terms and conditions:

1. Use License
   a. Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the Software for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license, you may not:
      i. modify or copy the materials;
      ii. use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
      iii. attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on the ARL's GitHub repository;
      iv. remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials;
      v. transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.
   b. This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Volt Applications LLC at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.

2. Disclaimer
   The materials on ARL's GitHub repository are provided "as is". Volt Applications LLC makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.

3. Limitations
   In no event shall Volt Applications LLC or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on ARL's GitHub repository, even if Volt Applications LLC or a Volt Applications LLC authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage.

4. Accuracy of materials
   The materials appearing on ARL's GitHub repository could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Volt Applications LLC does not warrant that any of the materials on its repository are accurate, complete, or current. Volt Applications LLC may make changes to the materials contained on its repository at any time without notice. However, Volt Applications LLC does not make any commitment to update the materials.

5. Links
   Volt Applications LLC has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its GitHub repository and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Volt Applications LLC of the site. Use of any such linked website is at the user's own risk.

6. Modifications
   Volt Applications LLC may revise these terms of service for its GitHub repository at any time without notice. By using this repository, you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service.

7. Governing Law
   These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of [Your State] and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that State or location.

If you have any questions or concerns about this legal notice or the practices of this site, please contact us at [Your Contact Information].

This Legal Notice was last updated on [Date].

© 2023 Volt Applications LLC